Update forum channel docs (#5391)
hammerandchisel/discord-api-docs: docs/resources/Channel.md

| position?                           | integer                                                                      | sorting position of the channel                                                                                                                                                                 |
| permission_overwrites?              | array of [overwrite](#DOCS_RESOURCES_CHANNEL/overwrite-object) objects       | explicit permission overwrites for members and roles                                                                                                                                            |
| name?                               | ?string                                                                      | the name of the channel (1-100 characters)                                                                                                                                                      |

> | topic?                              | ?string                                                                      | the channel topic (0-4096 characters for GUILD_FORUM channels, 0-1024 characters for all others)                                                                                                |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| topic?                              | ?string                                                                      | the channel topic (0-4096 characters for `GUILD_FORUM` channels, 0-1024 characters for all others)                                                                                                |
```

| total_message_sent?                 | integer                                                                      | number of messages ever sent in a thread, it's similar to `message_count` on message creation, but will not decrement the number when a message is deleted                                      |
| available_tags?                     | array of [tag](#DOCS_RESOURCES_CHANNEL/forum-tag-object) objects             | the set of tags that can be used in a `GUILD_FORUM` channel                                                                                                                                     |
| applied_tags?                       | array of snowflakes                                                          | the IDs of the set of tags that have been applied to a thread in a `GUILD_FORUM` channel                                                                                                        |

> | default_reaction_emoji?             | a [default reaction](#DOCS_RESOURCES_CHANNEL/default-reaction-object) object | the emoji to show in the add reaction button on a thread in a `GUILD_FORUM` channel                                                                                                             |

Reviewer 2: this is nullable

Author: huh, indeed it is, weird

Author: How do I specify that, `?default_reaction_emoji?` I'm guessing?

Reviewer 2: [a question mark at the start of the type](https://discord.com/developers/docs/reference#nullable-and-optional-resource-fields)

> | default_thread_rate_limit_per_user? | integer                                                                       | the initial `rate_limit_per_user` to set on newly created threads in a channel. this field is copied to the thread at creation time and does not live update.                                   |

Reviewer 2: Is this field intended to work for text channels?

The Modify Channel docs says this field applies to text and forum channels, however it only shows on forum channels in the UI, and it doesn't seem to have an effect when set on a text or announcement channel.

Reviewer 3: It only applies to forum channel.

** \* These fields are omitted on the member sent within each thread in the [GUILD_CREATE](#DOCS_TOPICS_GATEWAY/guild-create) event **

### Default Reaction Object

An object that specifies the emoji to use as the default way to react to a forum post. Exactly one of `emoji_id` and `emoji_name` must be set.

> ###### Default Reaction Structure
> 
> | Field          | Type              | Description                                             |
> |----------------|-------------------|---------------------------------------------------------|
> | emoji_id?      | snowflake         | the id of a guild's custom emoji, or 0 if unset         |
> | emoji_name?    | string            | the name of a unicode emoji or an empty string if unset |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
###### Default Reaction Structure

| Field      | Type              | Description                                               |
|------------|-------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------|
| emoji_id   | snowflake or 0    | the id of a guild's custom emoji, or 0 if a unicode emoji |
| emoji_name | ?string           | a unicode emoji, or null if a custom emoji                |
```

> ** \* These fields are omitted on the member sent within each thread in the [GUILD_CREATE](#DOCS_TOPICS_GATEWAY/guild-create) event **

Reviewer 2: this note should be above the Default Reaction Object section

### Forum Tag Object

An object that represents a tag applied to a thread in a `GUILD_FORUM` channel.

###### Forum Tag Structure

| Field       | Type      | Description                                                                                                    |
|-------------|-----------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | id          | snowflake | the id the tag                                                                                                 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| id          | snowflake | the id of the tag                                                                                              |
```

> ###### Forum Tag Structure
> 
> | Field       | Type      | Description                                                                                                    |
> |-------------|-----------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
> | id          | snowflake | the id of the tag                                                                                              |
> | name        | string    | the name of the tag (0-20 characters)                                                                          |
> | moderated   | boolean   | whether this tag can only be added to or removed from threads by a member with the `MANAGE_THREADS` permission |
> | emoji_id?   | snowflake | the id of a guild's custom emoji, or 0 if unset \*                                                             |
> | emoji_name? | string    | the name of a unicode emoji, or an empty string if unset \*                                                    |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
###### Forum Tag Structure

| Field      | Type           | Description                                                                                                    |
|------------|----------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| id         | snowflake      | the id of the tag                                                                                              |
| name       | string         | the name of the tag (0-20 characters)                                                                          |
| moderated  | boolean        | whether this tag can only be added to or removed from threads by a member with the `MANAGE_THREADS` permission |
| emoji_id   | snowflake or 0 | the id of a guild's custom emoji, or 0 if a unicode or no emoji is set \*                                      |
| emoji_name | ?string        | the name of a unicode emoji, or null if a custom or no emoji is set \*                                         |
```

** \* These fields are omitted on the member sent within each thread in the [GUILD_CREATE](#DOCS_TOPICS_GATEWAY/guild-create) event **

### Default Reaction Object

An object that specifies the emoji to use as the default way to react to a forum post. Exactly one of `emoji_id` and `emoji_name` must be set.

###### Default Reaction Structure

| Field         | Type              | Description                                             |
|---------------|-------------------|---------------------------------------------------------|

> | emoji_id      | snowflake         | the id of a guild's custom emoji, or 0 if unset         |

Reviewer 4: May I ask why it is 0 instead of being ommitted/nullable? Seems pretty inconsistent to me :man_shrugging:

Reviewer 5: https://github.com/discord/discord-api-docs/pull/5391#issuecomment-1230939293

### Forum Tag Object

An object that represents a tag that is able to be applied to a thread in a `GUILD_FORUM` channel.

###### Forum Tag Structure

| Field       | Type      | Description                                                                                                    |
|-------------|-----------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| id          | snowflake | the id of the tag                                                                                              |
| name        | string    | the name of the tag (0-20 characters)                                                                          |
| moderated   | boolean   | whether this tag can only be added to or removed from threads by a member with the `MANAGE_THREADS` permission |
| emoji_id    | snowflake | the id of a guild's custom emoji, or 0 if unset \*                                                             |
| emoji_name  | ?string   | the unicode character of the emoji \*                                                                          |

> \* At most one of `emoji_id` and `emoji_name` may be set.

Reviewer 6: Could this still be changed to be consistent with other emoji in the API?

```json
"emoji": {
  "id": 123,
  "name": "chillin",
  "animated": true
}
```

Author: Uh, not right now, I'm just documenting what's implemented, but feel free to file a feature request for it

Reviewer 6: Done #5393

| Field                               | Type                                                                            | Description                                                                                                                                                                        | Channel Type                     |
|-------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------------------------------|
| name                                | string                                                                          | 1-100 character channel name                                                                                                                                                       | All                              |

> | type                                | integer                                                                         | the [type of channel](#DOCS_RESOURCES_CHANNEL/channel-object-channel-types); only conversion between text and announcement is supported and only in guilds with the "NEWS" feature | Text, Announcement, Forum        |

Reviewer 6: This seems like a mistake, I don't think you can convert a forum channel type?

| position                            | ?integer                                                                        | the position of the channel in the left-hand listing                                                                                                                               | All                              |

> | topic                               | ?string                                                                         | 0-1024 character channel topic                                                                                                                                                     | Text, Announcement, Forum        |

Reviewer 6: This character range also needs to be updated

| default_auto_archive_duration       | ?integer                                                                        | the default duration that the clients use (not the API) for newly created threads in the channel, in minutes, to automatically archive the thread after recent activity            | Text, Announcement, Forum        |
| available_tags?                     | array of [tag](#DOCS_RESOURCES_CHANNEL/forum-tag-object) objects                | the set of tags that can be used in a `GUILD_FORUM` channel                                                                                                                        | Forum                            |
| default_reaction_emoji?             | ?[default reaction](#DOCS_RESOURCES_CHANNEL/default-reaction-object) object     | the emoji to show in the add reaction button on a thread in a `GUILD_FORUM` channel                                                                                                | Forum                            |

> | default_thread_rate_limit_per_user? | integer                                                                         | the initial `rate_limit_per_user` to set on newly created threads in a channel. this field is copied to the thread at creation time and does not live update.                      | Text, Forum                      |

Reviewer 6: Is this copied client-side or in the api?

Author: looks like in the API
